To scroll toward the beginning of a document in large increments, press PAGE UP.
To back up to previous pages quickly, you can click the small down arrow to the right of the Back button.
To adjust the amount of hard disk space to use for temporary Internet files, click the Tools menu, click Internet Options, and then click Settings.
You can make sure the Web page you are viewing contains the latest information by pressing F5 to refresh it.
Internet Explorer saves you time and keystrokes by finishing frequently typed URLs for you.
To move back between frames, press SHIFT+CTRL+TAB.
To move forward between frames, press CTRL+TAB.
You can type a word in the Address bar and press CTRL+ENTER to automatically add http://www. and .com on either side of the word.
You can rearrange your Favorites list or menu by dragging and dropping.
To print the current page or active frame, press CTRL+P.
If you want to know which actions you can perform on a favorite link, right-click the link on the Favorites menu.
You can keep your most frequently visited Web pages only a single click away by dragging a shortcut to the page onto the Links bar.
To scroll toward the end of a document, press the DOWN ARROW.
To scroll toward the end of a document in large increments, press PAGE DOWN.
You can type the friendly name of a favorite page in the Address bar, then select the page name in the AutoComplete list that appears.
To display the Links bar, a handy place to keep your favorite Web sites, click the View menu, point to Toolbars, and then click Links.
To quickly print just one frame of a Web page, right-click inside the frame, and then click Print.
You can print a table of all the links associated with a Web page. In the Print dialog box, click Print table of links.
Clicking the Search button displays a search service on the left side of your screen and a Web page on the right.
To move backward or forward within the Search bar, right-click within the Search bar, and then click Back or Forward on the menu that appears.
To search from the Address bar, type go, find, or ? followed by a word or phrase, and then press ENTER.
You can mark favorites or Links bar items for offline reading by right-clicking an item and then clicking Make available offline.
You can specify whether to accept "cookies" on your computer for each security zone. For more information, look up "cookies" in the Help Index.
You can rearrange shortcuts on the Links bar by dragging and dropping them.
To change the color of links on Web pages, click the Tools menu, click Internet Options, and then click the Colors button.
To open a new Internet Explorer window, press CTRL+N.
You can print all documents that are linked to a specific Web page. In the Print dialog box, click Print all linked documents
To rename an item on the Favorites list or on the Links bar, right-click the item, and then click Rename.
To stop downloading a page, press ESC.
You can see a list of Web sites you have visited recently by clicking the History button on the toolbar.
You can move your cursor into the Address bar by pressing ALT+D.
You can save a Web page for offline reading by clicking the File menu and then clicking Save As.
Instead of clicking the Back button, you can press the BACKSPACE key to move back a page.
To make Web pages load faster, click the Tools menu, click Internet Options, click the Advanced tab, then turn off sounds and pictures.
For more information about Internet Explorer features, click the Help menu and then click Contents and Index.